"Success is not final, failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts."
"Believe in yourself and all that you are. Know that there is something inside you that is greater than any obstacle."
"Your Monday morning thoughts set the tone for the whole week ahead. Start it with a positive mindset."
"The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today. Stay focused and keep moving forward."
"Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going."
"Opportunities don't happen. You create them."
"The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing."
"Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success."
"Wake up with determination. Go to bed with satisfaction."
"Believe you can, and you're halfway there."
"The future depends on what you do today. So, make the most of every moment."
"Your attitude, not your aptitude, will determine your altitude."
"Set your goals high, and don't stop till you get there."
"The only way to do great work is to love what you do."
"Be a voice, not an echo. Stand out and make a difference."
"You don't have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great."
"Keep your face always toward the sunshine, and shadows will fall behind you."
"Don't wait for opportunity. Create it."
"Every morning we are born again. What we do today matters most."
"Make each day your masterpiece."
"The harder you work for something, the greater you'll feel when you achieve it."
"Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can."
"Success is not in what you have, but who you are."
"Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great."
"Believe in yourself, take on your challenges, and dig deep within yourself to conquer fears."
"If you want to achieve greatness, stop asking for permission."
"Success is not overnight. It's when every day you get a little better than the day before."
"Every accomplishment starts with the decision to try."
"The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary."
"Your work is going to fill a large part of your life. Make it worth it."
"Don't be pushed around by the fears in your mind. Be led by the dreams in your heart."
"The secret of getting ahead is getting started."
"Believe in the power of your dreams. They were given to you for a reason."
"The road to success is always under construction. Keep building."
"You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream."
"The best way to predict the future is to create it."
"Don't let yesterday take up too much of today."
"Work hard in silence, let your success be your noise."
"Don't be afraid to give your best to what seemingly are small jobs. Every time you conquer one, it makes you that much stronger."
"Make the most of yourself by fanning the tiny, inner sparks of possibility into flames of achievement."
"Believe in yourself, and all that you are. Know that there is something inside you that is greater than any obstacle."
"Dream big and dare to fail."
"Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm."
"If you're going through hell, keep going."
"Don't stop when you're tired. Stop when you're done."
"Strive not to be a success but rather to be of value."
"Don't be afraid to stand for what you believe in, even if it means standing alone."
"Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it."
"No masterpiece was ever created by a lazy artist."
"The only way to do great work is to love what you do."